#summary Home Page for Project.

= Overview =

The ORG (OWASP Report Generator) is a multi-purpose reporting tool designed to be extensible for various reporting needs. By using what is known as a provider model, report providers can be plugged in to ORG. OWASP Report Providers will include Penetration Testing and SDL. The Penetration Testing Report Provider supports the documentation and reporting of security vulnerabilities discovered during security audits. The SDL Report Provider supports the documentation and reporting requirements of the Secure Development Lifecycle. Beyond OWASP Report Providers, the community can leverage the ORG for their own reporting needs.

= Download =

There are not releases available yet.
[http://code.google.com/p/org2/downloads/list Downloads]

= Getting Involved =

There are many ways to contribute to FlexUnit:

* Ask and answer questions on the forums and mailing lists
* Investigate bugs that have been filed and contribute patches where appropriate
* Request a feature
* Contribute to the Developer Documentation 

= Feature List =
==== Reporting Framework ====
  * Multi-platform Reporting and Analysis Tool Framework
  * Intuitive and Productive User Experience
  * Simplified Extensible Provider Development
==== Penetration Tester ====
  * Multiple Pen Testing Project Reporting
  * Comprehensive Project information collection tool
  * Target and tasks information collection
  * Assessment findings recording
  * Report PDF Generation
  * Lookup data customization
==== SDL ====
  * Risk Assessment
  * Threat Model
  * Security Test Plans
